read me update and pre-commit addition (#12)
ThorpeJosh/truenas-zfs-unlock: README.md

### Shared tags
* `latest`, `${IMAGE_VERSION}`

This image uses the [semver](https://semver.org/) format for releases, with this image's major version matching the Truenas API major version in use.

> For example, all 2.*.* image releases use Truenas API v2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, all `2.*.*` image releases use Truenas API v2
```

> **Avoid using the `latest` tag in production environments. Lock the tag to a specific version to prevent version conflics**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Avoid using the `latest` tag in production environments. Lock the tag to a specific version instead.**
```
There are several reasons not to use latests. Probably doesn't make sense to list any here.

```

## How to use this image
This tool is designed to run on a machine that has network access to the Truenas server but preferably not in the same physical location. This image can run on a cloud server, raspberry pi, laptop, workstation, etc.

Firstly set up (or edit) your zfs datasets to use "Passphrase" encryption, this will enable you to set the key yourself and therefore the encryption keys won't be stored by Truenas.

> Use a password generator that is set to use capital and lowercase lettering, numerals and special characters with the maximum allowable length (128 characters for example).

Reviewer: This is very chatGPT like response. I'd probably delete this line completely. No need to explain to someone how to generate a password.
